Remove lmoments3 (#1644)
Ouranosinc/xclim: CHANGES.rst

* `black` formatting style has been updated to the 2024 stable conventions. `isort` has been added to the `dev` installation recipe. (:pull:`1626`).
* The indice and indicator for ``winter_storm`` has been removed (deprecated since `xclim` v0.46.0 in favour of ``snd_storm_days``). (:pull:`1565`).
* `xclim` has dropped support for `scipy` version below v1.9.0 and `numpy` versions below v1.20.0. (:pull:`1565`).

> * `lmoments3` was removed as a dependency of xclim due to its incompatible license (GPLv3 vs xclim's Apache). If we get the approbation from all intellectual property owners of the package, we might put it back. See `Ouranosinc/lmoments3#12 <https://github.com/Ouranosinc/lmoments3/issues/12>`_. See also the "frequency analysis" notebook for an example on how to continue using the probability weighted moments method for fitting distributions. (:issue:`1620`, :pull:`1644`).

Reviewer: I don't want it to seem like we're calling out any authors in the Changelog.

```suggestion
* `lmoments3` was removed as a dependency of `xclim` due to incompatible licensing (GPLv3 vs `xclim`'s Apache 2.0). Depending on the outcome of efforts to modify the licensing of `lmoments3`, this change may eventually be reverted. See `Ouranosinc/lmoments3#12 <https://github.com/Ouranosinc/lmoments3/issues/12>`_. See also the "frequency analysis" notebook for an example on how to continue using the probability weighted moments method for fitting distributions. (:issue:`1620`, :pull:`1644`).
```

Bug fixes
^^^^^^^^^
* Fixed passing ``missing=0`` to ``xclim.core.calendar.convert_calendar``. (:issue:`1562`, :pull:`1563`).
* Fix wrong `window` attributes in ``xclim.indices.standardized_precipitation_index``, ``xclim.indices.standardized_precipitation_evapotranspiration_index``. (:issue:`1552`  :pull:`1554`).
* Fix the daily case `freq='D'` of ``xclim.stats.preprocess_standardized_index`` (:issue:`1602`  :pull:`1607`).
* Several spelling mistakes have been corrected within the documentation and codebase. (:pull:`1576`).

> * Added missing ``xclim.ensembles.robustness_fractions`` and ``xclim.ensembles.robistness_categories`` in api doc section. (:pull:`1630`).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* Added missing ``xclim.ensembles.robustness_fractions`` and ``xclim.ensembles.robustness_categories`` in api doc section. (:pull:`1630`).
```
